Update server.md (#833)
pi-hole/docs: docs/guides/vpn/wireguard/server.md

On your [Settings page (tab DNS)](http://pi.hole/admin/settings.php?tab=dns), ensure you select the appropriate listening mode of your Pi-hole. `Allow only local requests` is preferred as it adds a bit of additional safety. Your WireGuard peers/clients will be correctly recognized as being only one hop away.

> You can now continue to [add clients](https://docs.pi-hole.net/guides/vpn/wireguard/client/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now continue to [add clients](client.md).
```

Reviewer 2: @Ap0them You marked this conversation as resolved without applying the requested change, why?
